The Joe Rogan experience.
Bring up Lancaster's or who I went with when I stayed in the NWT for that two
month timeframe, those guys live up there. I bet.
If you asked a Bart or a clay, Lancaster, how many times they've been blessed,
charred bluffed charged. It's like triple digits, like, well,
just hunting with those guys. The that they've done. Triple digits,
meaning a hundred times at a minimum and that's God. So like the,
like the those guys deal with, they've been doing it since birth. Right?
And so I was telling 'em like, like Amy and Frank, I was like, okay,
you guys know how much I've done and all the different things, you know,
hunted and how many animals I put on the ground. It's a fraction clay.
Lancaster. Lancaster's been on 320 sheep hunts, 320. That's a lot.
That's not including caribou, moose. He's been all over the world.
So the amount of experience those guys have,
and the stories like when I get those guys on the podcast,
it's hilarious because I, you know,
I just got to experience the two and a half months section of it.
We were literally from, from a light bulb,
from a paved road hours, from any electricity,
like it's a 12 hour drive to where the helicopter picks you up.
And then you're flown in another two hours. So when I got bit by that bite,
it was funny. But spider, it was funny at first. Oh yeah.
I got bit by a spider up there. And uh, I'm like, Hey clay,
on my blind legs, up. I think that goodbye something. He's like, ah,
there's nothing poisonous up here. Well, my about died. My, uh,
my legs swelled up and we're drawing circles around it. Well,
the first couple of circles, right? Wasn't that big of a deal.
So clay cuts it open and listen to the podcast. He's hilarious.
Cause he squeezed that thing and I acted like it didn't hurt.
I thought I was gonna pass out from shock. So squeeze the POS out. Yeah.
I don't know that it helped, but it gave him pleasure because the spider was it.
Man. You got to listen to the podcast, hear the whole story.
But we ended up calling it the long, black hobo spider.
And there's a story by side that, but I think it was a hobo spider. Um,
those are dangerous. Yeah. But I don't think they're overly poisonous.
I think I was, uh, allergic to it. But the moral of the story in six hours,
my leg locked up straight. There was veins going up towards my heart. And uh,
I had cold sweats. Heart rate was racing and Clay's like, dude,
we gotta get you outta here. You're gonna die. Like we are a long, long,
long ways from anywhere how far
for our helicopter ride.
But then you're dealing with some up Northern part of white horse,
you know, I'm with doctor. It wouldn't have been good. So I called my, my,
my buddy, who's a medic. And I was like, dude, what should we do? And he's like,
all right, on it. Bleach ibuprofen, get some. Yeah.
Cause I guess I'm like bleach cleans everything out. Like he's given me.
I can't remember. I don't know what to draw.
Exactly.
But I was like, holy. I was like, okay, so we're pouring pee.
It we're like crushing up ibuprofen.
And then you gotta, do you pour piano? Did you let your buddy piano?
So here's the thing. One of my buddies.
We had a big Johnson because he was ready to pee on it right there.
And I'm like, dude, pee in a bottle. I'm again,
I don't want to see your Wiener while you're peeing on my leg. And so.
They want it right off the tap somehow or another it's better if he pees in a
bottle and then pours it on you, it would have been awkward.
And think of the stories that have been told after the stories.
Well way were pouring pee on my leg.
It was a matter of survival.
Isn't that funny that you'd rather have a guy pee in a bottle and then pee,
then pour that pee on you, then pee on you. I guess looking at it that way.
Yeah, I get it. Yeah. I feel like I'm right there with you. I understand your,
your thought process. Well, I think I'd let the guy on me though.
At the time I was like not overly worried.
And then when my leg locked up, um it's so it was,
if you measured my leg, it gained two and a quarter in circumference inches.
That's how much my legs swelled up. Oh wow. That's a lot. Yeah, it was. I mean,
I'm laughing about it now, but what was funny is once it went back down,
we just duct tape towels around my calf muscle to go on moose hunts.
Cause it was so painful when the infection was going down because of the willows
were beating it up and I'm like,
I really want to see somebody 70 inch wide moose. Let's just take.
So we take towels around my kid.
So you never made it out of there? No.
So you just dealt with it while you were in the woods? Yeah. It went away.
In like 24 hours. Oh yeah. It wasn't that it wasn't.
But you didn't think it was going to,
you thought you were going to die and I don't want to make it sound worse than
it was it got a little nerve wracking.
There towards the end. My heart started racing. Like, and I'm like,
so your body's not good. Want.
An infection? Infections are dangerous, man. I had veins going up my leg,
but you got to see the vein. So.
You're saying that's what clay was talking about it. Cause that was.
Great. Of course you have veins going up your leg. That's how you get blood.
Yeah.
And it showed them a lot. So they were blue or something like an extra sketch,
um, going up my leg. Dark. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So.
You were worried that the infection was making its way to your heart?
Well, from what limited knowledge I had was that,
is this pretty much sure thing you're going to die. Yeah.
Any antibiotics with you or anything when you go into a hunt like that?
I do. When I go to Canada now because of their weird government, I, I, I, uh,
I shouldn't even say this. I have friends.
That'll prescribe them to me to take with me now last, uh,
in 18.
I don't remember my hands look like Deadpool's face from that milkweed or some.
I was that happens in the back country. What happened?
So I'm on that mule deer hunt and my hands were swelling up and I don't know
why. And they look like Deadpool's face and I'm like,
what the hell is wrong with my hands?
I'm looking around like what could be around me?
It's not poison Ivy and my hands are swelling up. Like a, remember that movie.
Um, big trouble in little China, the Asian dudes hands swell up. Yeah.
It looked like that. Well, as it turns out, it's um,
hogweed or milkweed on some plant that does that.
And if you, if you, now, if you Google it and you pull it up and it's nasty,
but if you want to Google, um, hogweed on certain humans,
it has this crazy rash inflammation.
So my hands it's affected by sunlight. It's worse.
So I'm at 13,000 feet and I'm on the spotter with my hands in the sun
all day to a point like.
13,000 Feet. The sun is way stronger. Yeah. Yeah. Like we got really burnt up.
These.
Are solar charger.
It charges up your twice as fast because you're that close to this stuff.
Is that really what it's from? Or is it just a lack of, oh my God.
Look at that giant. Hogweed look at the hands.
It wasn't good. Let me tell you, so my shoes look like those ones. Yeah.
Blow that.
Picture up in the right-hand corner. That is crazy. The one,
the one that you see the large picture. The one. Yeah. Look at that.
What the man? That's from Holly.
So go to the, go to the left. Um, the one in the middle there. That's what my.
Hands look like. Well, the one in the middle, the left that one. Yep.
They look like that. So Frank comes over and he's like, dude,
what the hell is wrong with your hand? And I'm like, you know, that's a good,
good question. So we, we come out cause I, I dude, it was bad.
And I go to the doctor. Right. And I'm like, you know,
I go to the emergency room and I'm like, Hey, I.
What does that hogweed look like? Just so I know.
Some people have gotten third degree burns from it. Whoa. It's not good.
Can we see an image? It's like a little plant.
Yeah. That's it. That stuff. That's beautiful. Yeah.
And I was low crawling through that. Oh my God. Giant.
Hogweed and it's toxic cousins. Wow.
That's crazy. So, but those are the things you.
Just don't think about. Right. So I went and they gave me,
I don't know all kinds of steroid cream and.
And it went away in a day or two and we hiked back in.
Soon as I like a flower, I would have never imagined. So this is just,
how did he get on both your hands, your hands just rubbed up against it.
There's big fields of it.
And I've got my bow hanging and I'm low crawling and oh.
So to mitigate that, what do you do? Do you wear gloves?
Is there something you can put on your hands? I don't know.
I just look at tolerance. is.
Yeah. I just kept my hands out of the weeds the next year.
Toxic giant hogweed plants show up in Duncan lake. I don't know.
You just made it to big lake coward. Chan Gazette. Hmm. Yeah.
Where's that Duncan. And now look at the size of that.
This is like nine feet tall.
Well, where I was at, it was three foot tall. Right. About even with your hands.
So perfect.
Yeah. So just that weed has like some sort of an oil or something like that.
That's what they said. The doctors and Ivy type deal. Yeah.
Well it's funny. Cause when I went, they had no idea. I'm like, Hey,
my buddy from Alaska messaged me. And he said, dude,
I think that's hogweed Mike wasn't same reaction. You did his dog.
We Googled it, drove across the road. Kaiser's uh,
whatever emergency room things like right across the road from Cafaro.
I drove over there and I'm like, Hey, you know, I'm all screwed up.
And they're like, what is, you know, they don't know what it is. And I'm like,
Hey, this is what I think it is. They Google it just like we did.
And they were like, oh, well that makes sense. Cause they didn't know.
And then they gave me like the steroid cream to put on it and I don't know,
went away in a couple of days. Jesus.
Christ. So between that and the bite, what was worse?
Oh the bite, the bite was that much worse.
I could have kept hunting with that. I just not knowing what it was. Well,
we'd been in there 12 days. I'm like, oh, it's about time to come out. Anyway.
So we came out what was crazy. We came out a couple of days.
We go back in and Frank's already got his deer.
We go back in and Frank, I thought his appendix burst his,
it turns out he just stayed too much sushi and it got clogged up in his stomach.
But Frank is harder than woodpecker lips. We get on this.
These two deer were trying to get and uh, he's not getting out of the tent.
And so Frank is not like that. And he's like, uh, I hear him go, sir.
I'm going to stay in a tent this morning. And I'm like, dude.
You good count. Keep in mind.
Frank got pulmonary edema and that dumb hiked out with pulmonary
edema. Um, he literally his lungs filled up with, uh,
liquid and that's an altitude sickness, right? Altitude sickness.
And that hiked out nine miles with pulmonary DEMA. Jesus Christ. He,
when he got back he'd cough and it was like MP in a water bottle.
So, uh.
He's a tough individual. So I'm like, dude, this guy, I even texted Amy.
I'm like, Hey, Frank's up. I might, I might have to hit the beacon.
Like I might have to, I might have to get help. So anyway, I go over,
I shoot this deer. So it was just sushi.
So where did you guys eat sushi in Denver the day before. So.
I think what had happened, we had starved ourselves for 12 days, right.
Dehydration. And he must be in the woods. We came out, you know,
I took,
we all went out to dinner and I think he ate all that white rice and it just
clung to his intestines, like a wooly mammoth,
because he ended up just having to take a big poop. Right.
But right in the middle where, you know, your appendix is, he's like,
it hurts right here and I've had gallbladder issues. I got, I had,
I passed a kidney stone, like six miles in. So I was like,
he's appendix is erupt. He's going to die back here.
And so it's show you how the, you know, the
Moxie that Frank has,
he drug his out of that tent and filmed me shooting at mule deer.
And he hobbled his over there after I shot it and it's mile and a half from
where he's glass and flagging me in. And he just sat by the deer,
I cut it up whatever. And I'm like, dude, I'll get most of it. You good?
And he's like, yeah, I'm okay. I'm okay. And I'm like,
I can tell you're not okay. Like you're in pain. And he,
he made it out and then he took the poop and everything was okay. But it, uh,
I thought he was gonna, I thought I was gonna have to have the beacon.
That's so bizarre that it was just from rice and poop.
Well, we're not doctors, but that's, I chalked.
It up to because he made sure it wasn't food poisoning.
He wasn't puking. That was the only thing. But again, I'm not a doctor,
but every time I've had it.
Puke. So those are the worst experiences.
What about injuries you ever get like really hurt out there?
Um, I'm trying to think the kidney stone. That was a bad one. You had that out.
Oh. That was horrible. Um, how did, was it no,
I'll tell the quick version of it. Um,
I think it was 10 days into a hunt and I shot a mule deer and hydrated. Yeah.
And I peed blood and of course like an idiot and I'm like, ah, it's fine.
Whatever. And go hiked the mule deer out, turned around. I, I met a buddy,
dropped it off and then hiked back in.
And then like that night or the night after I was, um,
it was pretty high elevation. But anyway,
I went after this bull and something like knock loose in my kid, you know,
I didn't know what it was just all of a sudden I had this shooting pain and I
looked at the dude that dude on the green mile trying to pee. Right.
And I'm like, what the is going on? Like I literally I'm like,
I'm going to pass out from shock. What the hell is wrong?
Do you think it was a kidney stone? I didn't.
Even, I didn't know. Right. I just, I didn't,
it was so much pain in my back area that I knew it had something to do with my
kidneys. But every time I tried to pee,
I literally would drop me to my knees. And so I was like, okay,
let's assess this. And I'm trying to think through,
should I take next to no gear and try and hike out,
take enough gear to stay the night, but didn't have the burden of the weight.
You know what?
What's going to be the best option because I didn't have any service and I
didn't have a big,
I didn't have anything back with me that I could get ahold of anyone.
And so I'm like, it, no guts, no glory.
I grabbed the basic essentials and hobbled my out.
And at one point I did have a phone by them service.
I texted my buddy Tony and said, Hey,
what is the nearest hospital to this Trailhead? And I lost service.
And so all he knew was I'm up.
So I get to the trail head and I get my Jeep and I had a giant Jeep and I'm
doing like 90 down the road and I get pulled over. Well,
the cop was looking for me because my buddy had called and said,
I don't know what's going on. Well, a cop was kind of a Dick, right. He,
I get out and I'm like, Hey man, I'm he wanted to call an ambulance.
And I'm like, look, dude, I just hiked out six miles.
I'm not paying $3,500 for a ambulance ride. I just hiked six miles out.
I can make it to the hospital. And so he was a little bit of a, of a Dick,
but he followed me into the hospital and I passed it. Um, I dunno,
clinic in the toilet thinking pink. And it looked like a checkup. No,
but it would look like a Chickopee um, oh, chick pea, little spiky,
little bastard. Yeah. It was horrible looking.
Um, how big was it? Not very big. Uh, but you know, in the BB, your Dick hole,
holy moly man. Going through.
That, what was crazy is right. Yeah. After that, uh, I was good to go. I mean,
once you passed it, I was fine. I went, I hiked back in the next day.